Fire! Take aim! Fire! Go!
Attention! Take cover! Advance! Stop!
To the battlefield! The front lines! Then the edge of death!
Show your commitment born from casting your life away!
Fire! Take aim! Fire! Go!
Attention! Take cover! Advance! Stop!
I'm sure you can hear the sounds of their gun
The voices of maggots trying to resist.
Stomp them out! Stomp them out!
Men, what is our mission?
Extermination! Not a single creature spared!
There's only one thing to do:
Create a living Hell!
Why do we advance deeper into the flames?charge head on into a rain of bullets?
What a ridiculous question! It’s for the sake of the empire!
To the battlefield! The front lines! Then the edge of death!
Show your commitment born from casting your life away!
Offer your loyalty! Your obedience!  Then your very soul!
offer every fiber of your being, raising a triumphant shout!
Go forth! Prove that we can build
A pile of corpses that can reach the heavens!
Ahh . . . Ahh . . . Ahhh !!!
Fire! Take aim! Fire! Go!
Attention! Take cover! Advance! Stop!
Where’s your fear now?
Look at all the blood and flesh: it’s like firework!
It splatters and splatters
I haven’t forgotten my thousands of scars
The flame’s heat… spilling organs…
Final cries…clouded eyes…
Ahh, those are the things I truly seek!
Peace and tranquility, let alone reconciliation,
Are the acts of domestic dogs who’re forsaken their fangs!
Sheer madness, brought on by despair and disturbance,
Sounds more like Paradise that it dose Hell!
Those four limbs are made for dancing.
They’re made for dancing madly!
Humans are worthless!
Everyone fighting here is worthless,
So show them that your fruitless lives can still bloom!
Law and order…are constructed by madmen.
Completely false. Utterly absurd from the beginning to the end!
To the battlefield! The front lines! Then the edge of death!
Show your commitment born from casting your life away!
Offer your loyalty! Your obedience!  Then your very soul!
offer every fiber of your being, raising a triumphant shout!
Go forth! Prove that we can build
A pile of corpses that can reach the heavens!
And an explosive sound
That can even drown out their lingering hatred!
Fire! Take aim! Fire! Go!
Attention! Take cover! Advance! Stop!